the portrait of friends welcome to
a new video and today you will know
to the five most hated champions the
league of legends number 25 with the new
patch he has once again become one of the
most hated champions of the top line
s champions darius the bufo of the
colossus has become one of the
champions most broken by the way so
easy on the other hand to do you a lot of damage and
get kills
the new darío now regenerates life and
that gives him enough resistance to
stay alive in team struggles and
just move between all your
allies to split each one with his
wallet if you want to beat it you will have to
measure your skills very well because if
you will not end up in 2 number 4
since the goal of the tanks began
the troll from Chaco has seen us a lot
the jungle but still it's still a
option that can drive you crazy
skills are what cause
the players today in as much this champion
your cv allows you to jump and get
invisible and in that time you can cum
or appear behind you to throw a
critical escape from it will neither be the
solution arrives at the moment that
do you will pass near any of your
boxes that will scare you or hurt you and
finally he will catch you to kill you
finally if you try to follow him believe me
that will be in vain because I chaco easily
he can troll you with each one of his
skills my recommendation is no
chaco
number 3
in position number 3 is located the
teacher and the reason why they hate him
some is due to the ease that
have to carry out murders if your
team does not have crowd control if it
will walk in the team fights and it will be
killed one by one
the most broken you can find in a
gym is to bring the devourer to the fullest
and see that next to his last and the damage
true that you can easily can
kill up the most tank of your team
since it will attack so fast that it will kill you
long before you hurt him for
our luck and thanks to what he rung
did not exist anymore if he would not occupy
the number one position
number 2
the champion created by the community is
one of the most annoying you can
find on your line this is fish all
his abilities together make him
a very elusive and difficult champion of
catch has a like very easy to
perform and if you get it to throw in
that moment you're going to start hating
because when you have prepared your
ability to throw oneself up in irak
or upload after that will attack you again
and contract again to hit him
will look for a way to cum until
reload your and so kill you and
You can easily be in the position
number 1 but that we leave it to ya
they know who
number 1
either because most hates and longer
it's become popular to say that all the
the world hates it or simply because its
skills make him a champion that
would make anyone angry the first
place is for you
because the guy loves you the end is good the
yes race all the games he has been
designed to win the enemies of a
way that makes him angry so much that
leaving ends fk whom he didn
past that is saved from a fight with 100
of life and you go quietly a
bush to go to base and just when
you step on that place a mushroom exploded in
all face either not forget
that if we fight against him easily
humiliate us as it will reach us and
we will fail all our attacks
basic while he laughs in our
face how silly we were already
last how fast you can get to
do with your w and so easily you can
come to attack and run in turn
actually achieve it by how it is
designed scam is that it occupies the post
number 1
and good friends I hope you liked it
this video in this state easily
other champions could enter as
leblanc heimerdinger catarina and so on
but I chose these since my opinion
leave me the comments what is the change
that you hate the most, leave your lucky in this
video or if not the next time you
escapes conscious of life a mushroom of
scams will explode in the face and greetings
for sweet iván francisco may a luisa
brahm daniel rap and diego suárez germán
rich and I say lifeless if you want to be
Hello, remember to share this video
in a group of lol or in your own wall
come the next video will be greeted that
has been everything and we see each other until the
next